fix(linux): fix incorrect path for indexeddb database directory (#1369)
tauri-apps/wry: .changes/fixed-data_directory-error-for-webkitgtk.md

---
"wry": patch
---

> fixed: `data_directory` error for webkitgtk on linux

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Linux, fixed incorrect path for indexeddb database directory which made apps using `wry@0.24` and `tauri@1` migrating to `wry@>=0.38` and `tauri@2` lose their indexeddb data.
```
